README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Linthan B L</h1>
<h3 align="center">Java Backend Developer | Spring Boot | REST APIs | SQL | Building scalable backend systems</h3>

<p align="center">
📍 Bengaluru, Karnataka, India  
</p>

---

## 🌟 About Me

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/STATUS-ASPIRING%20JAVA%20DEVELOPER-success?style=for-the-badge"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LOCATION-BENGALURU,%20INDIA-blue?style=for-the-badge"/>
</p>

Aspiring Java Backend Developer with a strong foundation in Core Java, Spring Boot, SQL, and RESTful APIs, passionate about building scalable, secure, and high-performance backend applications.
Experienced in designing clean, layered architectures and implementing backend business logic with a focus on maintainability and efficiency.
Actively seeking an entry-level opportunity where I can contribute to real-world software projects, collaborate with experienced development teams, and continuously enhance my technical and problem-solving skills.
Motivated to grow as a backend engineer by adopting industry best practices, learning new technologies, and delivering reliable software solutions that create real impact.

---

## 🛠 Tech Stack & Tools

### 🔹 Backend & Frameworks
<p>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=java,spring,hibernate,maven" />
</p>

### 🔹 Frontend & UI
<p>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=html,css,js,react,bootstrap" />
</p>

### 🔹 Databases
<p>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=mysql,postgresql,oracle" />
</p>

### 🔹 DevOps & Tools
<p>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=git,github,docker,postman,aws" />
</p>

---

## 🚀 Projects

### 📌 Student Management System
- Java & Spring Boot
- REST APIs with CRUD operations
- MySQL database integration

### 📌 Employee Management REST API
- Layered architecture
- Exception handling
- API testing using Postman

### 📌 JWT Authentication System
- Spring Security
- Role-based authentication
- Secure REST APIs

---

## 📊 GitHub Stats

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Linthan123&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight"/>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=Linthan123&theme=tokyonight"/>
</p>

---

## 📫 Connect With Me

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/linthan-poojary-b007291">
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=linkedin"/>
  </a>
  <a href="mailto:linthanblpoojari21@gmail.com">
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=gmail"/>
  </a>
</p>

Commit message:

Revise project details in README.md
Updated project descriptions and added details for Job Application Tracking System and Pneumonia Detection project.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Linthan B L</h1>
<h3 align="center">Java Backend Developer | Spring Boot | REST APIs | SQL | Building scalable backend systems</h3>

<p align="center">
📍 Bengaluru, Karnataka, India  
</p>

---

## 🌟 About Me

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/STATUS-ASPIRING%20JAVA%20DEVELOPER-success?style=for-the-badge"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LOCATION-BENGALURU,%20INDIA-blue?style=for-the-badge"/>
</p>

Aspiring Java Backend Developer with a strong foundation in Core Java, Spring Boot, SQL, and RESTful APIs, passionate about building scalable, secure, and high-performance backend applications.
Experienced in designing clean, layered architectures and implementing backend business logic with a focus on maintainability and efficiency.
Actively seeking an entry-level opportunity where I can contribute to real-world software projects, collaborate with experienced development teams, and continuously enhance my technical and problem-solving skills.
Motivated to grow as a backend engineer by adopting industry best practices, learning new technologies, and delivering reliable software solutions that create real impact.

---

## 🛠 Tech Stack & Tools

### 🔹 Backend & Frameworks
<p>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=java,spring,hibernate,maven" />
</p>

### 🔹 Frontend & UI
<p>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=html,css,js,react,bootstrap" />
</p>

### 🔹 Databases
<p>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=mysql,postgresql,oracle" />
</p>

### 🔹 DevOps & Tools
<p>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=git,github,docker,postman,aws" />
</p>

---

## 🚀 Projects

### 📌 Job Application Tracking System – RESTful Backend Platform
**Tools & Technologies:** Java, Spring Boot, Spring Data JPA, MySQL, JWT, REST APIs, Docker, Postman  

- Developed a backend-driven job application tracking system to manage job postings, candidate applications, and hiring workflows.
- Implemented **JWT-based authentication** with **role-based access control** for Admin, Recruiter, and Candidate users.
- Built RESTful APIs for job creation, job listing with pagination, job application submission, and application status management.
- Designed a **normalized MySQL database schema** with foreign key and composite constraints to ensure data integrity and prevent duplicate job applications.

---

### 📌 Pneumonia Detection Using Deep Learning
**Tools & Technologies:** Python, TensorFlow, Keras, CNN, NumPy  

- Developed a deep learning-based system for early and accurate detection of pneumonia from chest X-ray images.
- Implemented **Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs)** using TensorFlow and Keras to classify images as Normal or Pneumonia.
- Applied image preprocessing and **data augmentation techniques** to improve model generalization and reduce overfitting.

---

## 📊 GitHub Stats

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Linthan123&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight"/>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=Linthan123&theme=tokyonight"/>
</p>

---

## 📫 Connect With Me

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/linthan-poojary-b007291">
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=linkedin"/>
  </a>
  <a href="mailto:linthanblpoojari21@gmail.com">
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=gmail"/>
  </a>
</p>
